what's going on everybody this is phase
meek and these are the results for week
20 of my weekly editing contest series
like I said last week this is going to
be the last week for a little while
moving in my new place and I got some
other stuff going on and then I think
after I do some sort of editing contest
of some sort I'll bring this series back
but yeah let's hop right on into the
results fifth place this week goes to
mr. Gatsby with his Etta called lights
on I had a lot of really cool ideas
cinematics overall just really
entertaining entry so check it out guys
fourth place this week goes to
temptation I absolutely love the song
that he chose he had some really cool
cinematics and an awesome flow
okay third place this week goes to Clark
I just loved the whole feel of this
entry there's a lot of really cool
cinematics and cool creative bits of
this edit that made me go back and watch
it twice so hopefully you guys enjoy
this injury second place this week goes
to Venus at his entry had perfect flow
and he really kept the theme he was
going for pretty constant the entire
time hopefully you guys enjoy the
century
last but not least first place this week
goes to hazy nothing I can really
complain about this entry and I mean who
doesn't love this song
that does it for this week's results
guys congratulations to hazy for taking
first place this week make sure you PM
me your address and your preferred
flavor of G fuel so I can get that over
the guys at gamma and get your free
product this week make sure you guys
could check out the honorable mentions
linked in the description and the full
quality placing entries thank you guys
also too for all your support and your
help on my last upload I really
appreciate all the support that I'm
getting from everybody and hopefully
I'll be able to get back on track and
start putting up some more uploads soon
like I said as soon as I moving on new
place this weekend I'll be back on track
hopefully or not too long after that but
anyways like I said this is last week
for a little while so there's no clips
this week but thanks to everyone who
entered in the past 10 weeks it's been
awesome seeing this series grow and
again I can't say it enough i appreciate
everyone's support and i love all my
fans and all my subscribers and you guys
are the best so yeah i'll talk to you
guys soon